We are very very proud of our military.Gave military full authorisation.Another successful event-Pres Donald Trump on Nangarhar MOAB bombing
military full authorisation.another successful event-pres donald trump nangarhar moab 
 U.S. Drops Largest None-Nuclear Bomb Mother of All Bombs in Afghanistan This is the first time a MOAB has been used in the battlefield, according to the US officials. The bomb was dropped by an MC-130 aircraft, operated by Air Force Special Operations Command, according to the military sources. Trump golf resort ordered to pay $315,000 to paint store They said the target was ISIS tunnels and personnel in the Achin district of the Nangarhar province. This munition was developed during the Iraq War. "When asked if the use of the MOAB in Afghanistan might send a message to North Korea amid increased tensions with the isolated country, Trump replied: "I don't know if it sends a message, I don't care if it does or not." The bomb will also "maintain the momentum of our offensive against ISIS-K," he said.The Air Force "took every precaution to avoid civilian casualties," CENTCOM said.President Donald Trump told reporters that he's given the military "total authorization," and "that's why they've been so successful lately.
----------------------------------------------------
US drops mother of all bombs: The bomb targeted tunnels used by ISIS fighters, target area bordered Pakistan (Source: US Media)
us drops mother isis target area pakistan 
 US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Islamic State target in Afghanistan The Air Force developed the MOAB in 2003, but it had never been used in combat until on Thursday. The US military on Tuesday said an American special forces soldier had been killed while conducting operations against IS in Nangarhar, though it was not clear if Thursdays strike was connected in any way. The GBU-43 Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB) is the largest non-nuclear conventional weapon in existence. It has attracted disaffected members of the Pakistani and Afghan Taliban as well as Uzbek Islamists. It was dropped from a MC-130 aircraft in the Achin district of Nangarhar province, close to the border with Pakistan, Pentagon spokesman Adam Stump said. told CNN. Authority was also sought from General Joseph Votel, commander of US Central Command (CENTCOM). Nicholson described the MOAB as "the right munition to reduce" the improvised explosive devices (IEDs), bunkers and tunnels IS is using to "thicken their defence". "The United States takes the fight against ISIS very seriously and in order to defeat the group, we must deny them operational space, which we did," Spicer said.
----------------------------------------------------
 Live shortly: White House briefing after US drops largest non nuclear bomb in Afghanistan Nangarhar 
live white house us drops nuclear bomb afghanistan nangarhar 
 US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Isis It was the first time the United States has used this size of bomb in a conflict. Estimates of its strength in Afghanistan vary. White House spokesman Sean Spicer opened his daily news briefing speaking about the use of the bomb and said, "We targeted a system of tunnels and caves that ISIS fighters used to move around freely, making it easier for them to target US military advisers and Afghan forces in the area." The GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb. US officials say intelligence suggests Islamic State is based overwhelmingly in Nangarhar and neighboring Kunar province. The security situation in Afghanistan remains precarious, with a number of militant groups trying to claim territory more than 15 years after the US invasion which toppled the Taliban government. It was not immediately clear how much damage the device did. Also known as the "mother of all bombs," the GBU-43 is a 9797kg GPS-guided munition and was first tested in March 2003, just days before the start of the Iraq war. "The United States takes the fight against ISIS very seriously and in order to defeat the group, we must deny them operational space, which we did," Spicer said.
----------------------------------------------------
Biggest non nuclear bomb dropped in Afghanistan Nangarhar was 21,000 pounds and targeted ISIS says US Media sources 
biggest nuclear bomb afghanistan nangarhar isis 
 Forces in Afghanistan. Air Blast bomb largest non-nuclear bomb in US arsenal. "What I do is authorize my military. The Department of Defense said the 21,600-pound bomb was dropped to destroy a "series of ISIS caves," according to a tweet. It was the first time the United States has used this size of bomb in a conflict. "We're very, very proud of our military." Trump on bomb: "Another successful job. (Source: Greg Goebel/Flickr)  (Source: CNN) The U.S. dropped a bomb in the Nangahar Province in Afghanistan, reportedly targeting a network of caves used by ISIS. Allegedly, the chemical weapon attack originated from this base. "Short of that - an unwillingness to cooperate - the goal is to have the capabilities of the coalition so clear and so obvious that there is an enormous disincentive for the Iraqi military to fight against the coalition." As it deploys, the Inertial Navigation System and Global Positioning System take over. If you look at what's happened over the last 8 weeks and compare it to what's happened over the last 8 years, you'll see there's a tremendous difference."
----------------------------------------------------
US drops biggest non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan reports AFP quoting Pentagon 
us drops non-nuclear bomb afghanistan afp 
 U.S. Drops Largest None-Nuclear Bomb Mother of All Bombs in Afghanistan It was the first time the United States has used this size of bomb in a conflict. US officials have said they believe the movement has only 700 fighters but Afghan officials estimate it has about 1,500. They said the target was ISIS tunnels and personnel in the Achin district of the Nangarhar province. The military is currently assessing the damage. The Afghan Taliban, which is trying to overthrow the US-backed government in Kabul, are fiercely opposed to Islamic State and the two group have clashed as they seek to expand territory and influence. The GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb. The MOAB is also known as the mother of all bombs. The bomb was dropped by an MC-130 aircraft, operated by Air Force Special Operations Command, according to the military sources. He said the bomb was used at around 7 p.m. local time and described the device as "a large, powerful and accurately delivered weapon." Also known as the "mother of all bombs," the GBU-43 is a 9797kg GPS-guided munition and was first tested in March 2003, just days before the start of the Iraq war.
----------------------------------------------------
Indian dhow Al-Kausar hijacked off island of Socotra on Apr 1 along with its 10 crew (who were released yday) handed over to Indian Navy 
indian dhow al-kausar socotra apr indian navy 
 Navy takes control of vessel hijacked by pirates "Based on the outcome of the negotiations, the dhow along with its cargo and two crew members were released on 11 Apr 17, and the balance eight crew were released on Apr 12," it said. The Indian registered dhow was hijacked off the island of Socotra on April 1 and then the vessel was taken to the port of Hobyo, on the eastern coast of Somalia. The Navy said Somalian Security Forces also provided support and assistance during this operation with armed guards being positioned on the dhow off Hobyo harbour as well as search parties undertaking operations to locate the balance crew ashore. The Indian Navy accepted the Dhow 'Al-Kausar' from the Mayor of Hobyo in Somalia and escorted it into international waters and onward towards its next destination. All inter- agencies maintained a close watch and effective coordination during the progress of negotiations. The 10 crew members were captured and held by pirates.Following the incident, the Navy had redeployed its ship, operating in the of Aden for Anti-Piracy Patrol, to the east coast of Somalia to monitor the ongoing situation and remain standby for any other contingency operations, the Navy said in a statement.
